Instructor: From now onwards,
we're gonna dive into the practical portion of the course
and you're going to learn everything
through real life examples.
Please note that this course has been kept
constantly up to date.
With every update, we test everything
that is covered in this course against the latest systems
at three different locations with three different setups.
You can actually check when the course was last updated
by looking at the overview in here
and scrolling down to the description portion.
Look at the last updated,
and you'll see here when was the course last updated.
Also, with every update, I usually send an announcement
that details what exactly have been updated.
You can view this announcement in your email
or in the announcements tab in here.
So as you can see,
the last announcement was sent nine days ago.
I pushed another course update,
it details which course this was pushed to,
the amount of lectures that were updated,
the reason, and also the exact lecture numbers
and lecture titles that were updated.
And if I scroll down, you can see all the previous updates.
So I have an update here a month ago.
Again, another update, scroll down,
another update a month ago, and so on.
So you can see a quick change log
of how the course has evolved in here.
So if anything didn't work for you,
it is probably because you are missing something
or because you're not doing something properly.
So just ask us in the Q&A in here
and we'll respond to you within less than 15 hours.
You can also check out the featured questions
just in case your question falls under this,
as you will already have an answer ready
before you even ask the question.
Keep in mind, guys, that we are trying to hack into systems
designed by very smart people.
We're also using different operating systems
and different setups,
so it is normal to face issues
and it's actually part of the learning experience
to be able to diagnose these issues and fix them.
And like I said, we are here to help.
If you face any questions, just don't be afraid to ask us
and we will try our best to help you.